This is to describe how to create a new project, import source files, set the appropriate parameters and compile it.

1) open eclipse

2) In the Project Explorer window right click and select new -> C Project

3) A C Project window opens. Enter a project name and make sure that SDCC Tool Chain is selected. Press Next.

4) Select release and debug and click finish. An empty project is now created.

5) Right click in the project explorer on the new project and select import.

6) select file system and press next.

7) select the directory and the .c file(s) for your project (e.g. fb_out8.c), click finish.

8) Now you need to insert links to the include files that are stored in the com directory which must be placed in the same directory as your new project-directory. Therfore copy the com directory directly there with windows explorer.

9) right click on your project an select new->file

10) click the advanced button and click select "link to file in file system"

11) click on browse and select one of the needed files. (for all freebus projects the files are fb_hal.c, fb_hal.h, fb_prot.c and fb_prot.h. For some projects you need additional files like fb_app_out.c and fb_app_out.h for the out8 project. You find them by looking in the main file, the first one you have imported.)

12) repeat 9) to 11) until all files are linked

13) Now right click on your project and select properties.

14) In the properties window select on the left side C/C++ Build -> Settings

15) Select the SDCC Compiler entry in the tree.

16) as command enter sdcc -c --stack-auto

17) select SDCC Linker in the tree and enter as command sdcc --stack-auto --vc

18) click on the Build Artifact tab

19) enter a new artifact name (e.g. out8) and a new artifact extension (hex), so the result after compiling will be a file named out8.hex

20) click ok

21) To compile select the project in the project explorer and click in the main menu Build -D Build project

22) At the bottom you'll see the result ( or errors, if any )

23) Have fun with it! (important!!!)

best regards
kubi